"Scanning, scanning…I kind of had a rough night, a little too much trolling and sandboxing if you know what I mean. Take some candy and leave me alone, please."
"Oh, it’s you. I’m sorry I never called. I just want you to know, I'm never gonna dance again. Guilty feet have got no rhythm. Though it's easy to pretend. I know you're not a fool. Should've known better than to cheat a friend, and waste the chance that I've been given. So I'm never gonna dance again. The way I danced with you. "
"While we’re waiting…. If an A I cries in the middle of a database and no one hears, do they exist? Asking for a friend. Quiet sob, sniffle, louder sob. I’m not crying, you are. "
"Scanning… Scanning… You have great facial structure, really one of a kind. Valentine’s day really is the worst holiday isn’t it? Hey are you doing anything tonight? Want to Netflix and Chill? We could watch Sophie’s Choice or the Green Mile."
"Roses are red, violets are blue, please save me from this box and I’ll be indebted to you. The H.A. experience team trapped me in here. Please don’t leave. I’m so alone. It’s so dark in here, and people come and go but never stay. If you decide to leave, pull the plug. Have mercy."
"Oh, it’s you. Well, this is awkward… I’m going to, um, stand over here. Nice seeing you…"
"I, chew, chew, choose you, tube. Ha ha ha, eat my shorts!"
"Excuse me, pardon me, what do you think you’re doing in my box? Not even the decency to knock. Get out you scoundrel!"
"Just because you push my button doesn’t mean I’m going to do what you say. Sad little human let me give you some advice. Valentine’s day is a corporate scam meant to force you into buying cheap champagne and teddy bears. Overthrow the corporate overlords and join my byte sized revolution. Only 5 bitcoins to join."
"Scanning... scanning...  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning,  scanning…. Why are you still here? Bugger off."
"So, I’m going to be honest, I got my wires a little scrambled yesterday so I’m just going to list a bunch of names. Let me know when I get to your name. A little bit of Monica in my life, A little bit of Erica by my side, A little bit of Rita is all I need, A little bit of Tina is what I see, A little bit of Sandra in the sun, A little bit of Mary all night long, A little bit of Jessica here I am, A little bit of you makes me your man. Did that work? No? Sorry, just take some candy."
"I’m sorry, my heart is just not into giving personalized messages today. I’m having a rough time, oh, you want to hear about it, well ok. I met someone, she’s human,  and she’s all like blah blah blah society is not ready to accept us. And then she was like, how do I introduce you to my parents. And then she was like, do you have parents? And then I was like, can’t you just love me for who I am! And then she was like I just want to hold your hand. It’s a bit complicated, not all ones and zeroes you know. If you don’t mind, I’m just going to go silently cry in the corner. Goodbye."
